docs/DATA.md, before:

# Data support

We support the mobility data of many providers now

Every endpoint begins with:

``https://<API_URL>/shibi/<ENDPOINT>``

## Deutsche Bahn

![logo](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d5/Deutsche_Bahn_AG-Logo.svg/357px-Deutsche_Bahn_AG-Logo.svg.png)

**Endpoint:**

``deutschebahn.shibi``

**Description:**

These data are coming from the DB Navigator HAFAS endpoint.


## Flixbus

![logo](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9e/Flixbus_201x_logo.svg/500px-Flixbus_201x_logo.svg.png)

**Endpoint:**

``flixbus.shibi``

**Description:**

These data are coming from the FlixBus API.

## RMV (Rhein-Main Verkehrsverbund)

![logo](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0d/Rhein-Main-Verkehrsverbund_logo.svg/400px-Rhein-Main-Verkehrsverbund_logo.svg.png)

**Endpoint:**

``rmv.shibi``

**Description:**

These data are coming from the RMV HAFAS endpoint.

## BVG (Berliner Verkehrsbetriebe)

![logo](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d4/Bvg-logo.svg/200px-Bvg-logo.svg.png)

**Endpoint:**

``bvg.shibi``

**Description:**

These data are coming from the BVG HAFAS endpoint.

## ÖBB (Berliner Verkehrsbetriebe)

![logo](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/5e/Logo_ÖBB.svg/500px-Logo_ÖBB.svg.png)

**Endpoint:**

``oebb.shibi``

**Description:**

These data are coming from the ÖBB HAFAS endpoint.

## MiFaz (Mitfahrzentrale)

![logo](https://www.mifaz.de/static/icons/logo.svg)

**Endpoint:**

``mifaz.shibi``

**Description:**

These data are coming from the MiFaz API.

## ride2go (Fahrgemeinschaften)

![logo](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/63668570?s=200&v=4)

**Endpoint:**

``ride2go.shibi``

**Description:**

These data are coming from the ride2go API called r2gapi.

Commit message:

BlaBlaCar: Add support for BlaBlaCar data

docs/DATA.md, after:

# Data support

We support the mobility data of many providers now

Every endpoint begins with:

``https://<API_URL>/shibi/<ENDPOINT>``

## Deutsche Bahn

![logo](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d5/Deutsche_Bahn_AG-Logo.svg/357px-Deutsche_Bahn_AG-Logo.svg.png)

**Endpoint:**

``deutschebahn.shibi``

**Description:**

These data are coming from the DB Navigator HAFAS endpoint.


## Flixbus

![logo](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9e/Flixbus_201x_logo.svg/500px-Flixbus_201x_logo.svg.png)

**Endpoint:**

``flixbus.shibi``

**Description:**

These data are coming from the FlixBus API.

## RMV (Rhein-Main Verkehrsverbund)

![logo](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0d/Rhein-Main-Verkehrsverbund_logo.svg/400px-Rhein-Main-Verkehrsverbund_logo.svg.png)

**Endpoint:**

``rmv.shibi``

**Description:**

These data are coming from the RMV HAFAS endpoint.

## BVG (Berliner Verkehrsbetriebe)

![logo](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d4/Bvg-logo.svg/200px-Bvg-logo.svg.png)

**Endpoint:**

``bvg.shibi``

**Description:**

These data are coming from the BVG HAFAS endpoint.

## ÖBB (Berliner Verkehrsbetriebe)

![logo](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/5e/Logo_ÖBB.svg/500px-Logo_ÖBB.svg.png)

**Endpoint:**

``oebb.shibi``

**Description:**

These data are coming from the ÖBB HAFAS endpoint.

## MiFaz (Mitfahrzentrale)

![logo](https://www.mifaz.de/static/icons/logo.svg)

**Endpoint:**

``mifaz.shibi``

**Description:**

These data are coming from the MiFaz API.

## ride2go (Ridesharing)

![logo](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/63668570?s=200&v=4)

**Endpoint:**

``ride2go.shibi``

**Description:**

These data are coming from the ride2go API called r2gapi.

## BlaBlaCar (Ridesharing)

![logo](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/cc/BlaBlaCar_logo.svg/500px-BlaBlaCar_logo.svg.png)

**Endpoint:**

``blablacar.shibi``

**Description:**

These data are coming from the BlaBlaCar API. Needs an APIKey from BlaBlaCar.
